So I think the biggest failure that I've ever had was starting out. My
career originally came in to be seal in the Navy. So after my initial
a school training, I went on to their basic underwater demolition
school, or buds, where I was there for a couple months and then got
to basically the third night of hell week. Um, and I didn't complete
the program. And so I finished out of that hell week not completing
it and didn't graduate from buds after that. Um, and I was pretty
devastated because that had been an initial dream and passion of mine
for a very long time. Um, from there I kind of looked out and was
able to get into the E o D community, not as an e o d technician, but
just working with the community as a marine mammal handler. And I
was still very young. So I also noticed that my maturity level probably
wasn't right at that time when I was trying to go through to become
a seal. And also I was, uh, newly married. I had a child already
another one on the way. And so in retro spec looking back necessarily
wasn't a bad decision of what happened, and I actually learned a
lot from that. There's a lot of things that I even learned in the time
that I was there that I have used since I've been in a ce faras Ah,
you know, value and integrity and leadership skills that I've taken
with me. Um and so, you know, even being devastated after that failure,
you know, it's gonna happen, and you're able to bounce back from
that and just find the silver lining and everything and then find
the good situation that you're in and build on that piece.